Unit 4 is Electromagnetism.
welcome to /physics classroom to restart type /start in your 
message dialog you can ask any question or formulas I will
try my best to give you an accurate response.

It is important to remember the definition of physics as
it is the branch of natural science that studies 
about mater, its motion and behavior through space and 
time, and the related entities of energy and force.

magnetic flux a measure of the strength of a magnetic field over a given area.
Permeability is the degree of magnetisation that a material obtains in response
to an applied magnetic field and it is represented by the Greek letter μ.

Inductance is defined as the property inan electrical 
circuit where a change in the electric current through 
that circuit induces an e.m.f. that opposes the change in
current. The Henry is its SI unit.

alternating current AC an electric current that periodically 
reverses direction transformer a device that transfers electrical 
energy from one circuit to another, usually with a change of voltage.

step down transformer one in which the output AC voltage is less than the input. 

step up transformer one in which the output AC voltage is greater than the input.
An idial transformer supposed to have the equation of Power out = Power in.
Magnetic flux = magnetic flux density(magnetic field strength) × area.
The unit for magnetic flux is Tm2 because B has the unit T and A has the unit m 2 .

Faraday’s law of induction states that the size of the induced e.m.f. in volts
is proportional to the rate at which the conductor is cutting through the flux lines.

Lenz’s law states that the direction of the induced current is such as to oppose the
change that is causing it.

Self inductance is the inductance that arises within a coil. Mutual inductance
occurs when a coil is in close proximity to another.

You find the direction of induced currents, given the direction of motion of the
conductor and the direction of a magnetic field, using the right-hand rule. 

The factors that affect the magnitude of induced emf in a conductor are the speed
at which the conductor cuts the lines of flux and the strength of the magnetic field.

Unit 5 is Electronics.

Electronics is the study and design of systems that use the flow of
electrons through such components as semiconductors, resistors
and capacitors.

Cathode rays are a beam of electrons moving through a vacuum
at a high speed which are produced by an electron gun, which is a
vacuum tube device. 

thermionic emission is the escape of electrons from a heated metal surface.

cathode ray oscilloscope is electronic test equipment that provides visual images
of electrical signals and oscillations.

The thermionic diode, a vacuum tube, is now almost obsolete, its
job is now being performed by the semiconductor diode.

A p–n junction acts as a diode, and will conduct in one direction only.

A semiconductor diode can produce half-wave rectification from an alternating supply.

a diode is an electrical component with two electrodes, used for rectification.
rectification converting alternating current to direct current.

an electron gun is an electrical component producing a beam of electrons moving through a
vacuum at high speed.